---
tags: [life,video]
vid: "x2ZLS1V3iMw"
---

# Drink water. Just listen to Cristiano Ronaldo!

Sugared drinks are a big part of our pop culture. They have all the marketing money in the world and they try to sell us on the idea that drinking sugar-bubbly drinks 🥤 is good for us. Yes, they taste good. But essentially they are just empty calories, they elevate our glucose levels and [basically make us fat](/podcast-32/). **We should drink water 💦 instead.** That’s why I was so happy to see the world-famous footballer Cristiano Ronaldo rejecting Coca-cola on a Eurocup press conference, indicating to drink water instead. What an example!

{% include video.html id=page.vid %}

<!--More-->

## Track your water intake. Drink at least 2L of water per day!

This year I started actively monitoring my water intake. I’ve set the goal of 2L a day as a minimum and I’m using an app to track it. There are many great apps, the one I'm using is [Waterlama](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/water-tracker-waterllama/id1454778585) which is free for tracking water and has a premium version for tracking more beverages.

I'm not using it every day, because out of habit I bring lots of water to my [home office](/office) every day and drink it all. The general rule of thumb is this - if I don't go enough to the bathroom to pee, it means I should be drinking more.

## Very often you're not hungry, you're just thirsty!

That's what I discovered. As a person [working from home](/nooffice) I feel like I'm visiting the kitchen too often to grab a bite. Instead, I first have a big glass of water and then after a few minutes re-evaluate if I'm truly hungry or if it was just craving for hydration.

## Water with lemon is good for you!

If you don't like the bland taste of *just water*, add a dash of lemon to it. That's my solution.

[According to health experts](https://www.healthline.com/health/food-nutrition/benefits-of-lemon-water), water with lemon not only promotes hydration, but is a good source of vitamin C (duh!), supports weight loss, improves your skin quality, aids digestion, freshens breath and helps prevent kidney stones!

After waking up, I aim to drink at least a big glass of water with lemon before anything else. Water first, coffee later.

## Drink water, it's good for you!

Forget sugary drinks. Listen to [CR7](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo). **Drink water!**

[n]: https://michael.gratis/nozbe
[np]: https://michael.gratis/nozbepersonal