---
tags: [life,video]
vid: "-YiZW2sfurk"
---

# I’m not throwing away my shot 💉 - celebrating my booster COVID-19 vaccine with Hamilton music!

Yesterday I got my [COVID-19](/covid/) booster [vaccine shot](/vaccine/) and because I'm a huge fan of the [Hamilton musical](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton_(musical)) I decided to celebrate my 💉 by compiling all the great [My Shot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Shot) remixes that talk about the vaccine. The best one is coming from the doctors 🥼 themselves:

{% include video.html id=page.vid %}

<!--More-->

## Anti vaxxers? Here's a song for you!

Here's a brilliant version by "inverse K" that features an anti-vaxxer trying to argue their way through NOT getting their shot:

{% include video.html id="6FQ6UUzdwOw" %}

## Wanna delay that shot? I've got an answer for you, too!

A guy named Adam Shain changed the lyrics in such a way that it's not about getting, but delaying the shot, and he reasons with everyone who'd hesitate:

{% include video.html id="XO7z5g-tEcY" %}

## Are the vaccines at all useful? Should we take a shot?

Science Rap Academy has got you covered - amazing work by the kids who know we need to be getting these shots to get to herd immunity:

{% include video.html id="AEX80FNMOfE" %}

## Still unconvinced? Check out this version!

This version by EMC is also very cool:

{% include video.html id="3D3yA9W---E" %}

And if you liked it, check out the full version with just lyrics:

{% include video.html id="8PRnxcpMvnU" %}

## OK, and how about the original "My Shot" by Lin-Manuel Miranda?

Now that you've been *brainwashed* it's time for you to listen to the original song from the musical that inspired all of this:

{% include video.html id="lZ4UmlFNdSI" %}

## Stay healthy! Stay entertained!

If you don't know the Hamilton musical, you can watch the original cast performance on Disney+ - trust me, just subscribe for a month to watch it, you'll thank me later!

### And don't throw away your shot! 💉 

[n]: https://michael.gratis/nozbe
[np]: https://michael.gratis/nozbepersonal