---
tags: [nozbe,links,video]
vid: "xn2LdCLaKZI"
---

# Celebrating 15 years of Nozbe with a special announcement

Wow, 15 years ago today I launched my [productivity](/productivity) application called [nozbe](/nozbe) and 15 years later I’m still running it! And in the last few years we were in the transition period to finally announce that our new app, formerly known as “Nozbe Teams” is in fact the new version of Nozbe going forward - that it’s the future ([More info ℹ️][l]):

{% include video.html id=page.vid %}

<!--More-->

It’s a tricky situation for our company and for our [Nozbe Personal][np] users. In my announcement I had to assure them that nothing changes for them - they can keep using the app they are using and we will keep it running, as it’s their **trusted productivity system**. This way they can keep doing what they doing and if and when they are ready they can migrate to the new version of Nozbe. We’ve worked on a migrator to make sure the process is as smooth as possible. Also we figured out a fair way to make sure all their payments translate to the new app. Again, a tricky situation but I’m hopeful that we’ve handled it well. [Read the details and the entire FAQ related to the announcement on the Nozbe blog][l]

## Why it's time for the new Nozbe to be announced:

> Nozbe Personal was launched 15 years ago and it’s still trusted by tens of thousands of people and teams. However Nozbe Teams has been launched [less than 2 years ago](/producthunt/), based on a completely different technology and much improved productivity principles. It’s a culmination of everything we’ve learned delivering you a world-leading productivity tool all these years. Nozbe Teams becomes the new Nozbe because it will let us create the best productivity app for many years to come!

## Nozbe FREE is even better:

> The new Nozbe, just like Nozbe Personal, has a free version but it’s even better with up to 5 active projects and 5 people on the team. This means that you can start alone or with a few people completely free. Create a team for your family or your business partners and just try it out!

## [Read my entire announcement on the Nozbe blog][l]

[l]: https://nozbe.com/blog/nozbe-teams-becomes-new-nozbe/

[n]: https://michael.gratis/nozbe
[np]: https://michael.gratis/nozbepersonal