---
tags: [vlog,video,featured]
vid: "JZfoEVKmaU8"
m: https://social.nozbe.com/@michael/112449042960253986
---

## Subscribe to my new "Michael Team" YouTube Channel for daily productivity tips and tricks - my first 10 videos!

I've been on and off YouTube for a long time. I've had my [Productive! Show](/show/) back in the day when I was running [Productive! Magazine](/magazine/), but I never stuck to it. Our official [Nozbe YouTube Channel][ny] is OK, but my team finally convinced me to try posting "Shorts/Reels" on both my [Instagram][i] and my new [**@MichaelTeam** YouTube Channel][y] and after more than a week here are the 10 videos I posted (and first comes the channel trailer):

{% include video.html id=page.vid %}

<!--More-->

* TOC
{:toc}

## Marketing Meeting

First video, recorded right on the very meeting when we decided to start my *influencer career* is about me having very few meetings per week:

{% include videos.html id="2NO-KNVTxWM" %}

## Tennis Class

I recorded this one right after my [tennis class](/tennis/) to show that everyone on my team can enjoy flexible working hours - not just me, because I'm the boss:

{% include videos.html id="yksQ11JCzAw" %}

## Home Office

Short update on my [home office](/office/) - the [MacBook Air](/ipadmac/), the [iPad](/ipadonly/) and other gadgets that help me get stuff done daily:

{% include videos.html id="9NUmqfyzcEo" %}

## Weekly Review

Here's how I do my [Weekly Review](/weekly-review/) step by step - how I review calendar, projects and goals… as well as cleanup my [computer](/computers/):

{% include videos.html id="iXhIw4kdFzE" %}

## Personal development

Why after a good weekly review it's important to focus on personal development and honing your skills. Here's me learning new apps to make better Reels/Shorts:

{% include videos.html id="n8XSIK9YoL0" %}

## Mondays

I'm singing why *I don't like Mondays* and how to start the week well - with clear tasks laid out so that getting things done is almost effortless:

{% include videos.html id="UNqYrRVo6dE" %}

## Virtual Meetings

My first [Two Michaels arguing](/twomichaels) video to make a point that *virtual meetings are real meetings* - something we preach [in Nozbe](https://nozbe.com/meetings?c=michaelteam):

{% include videos.html id="NEovSA_JU4g" %}

## Walking Meetings

What's better than a virtual meeting at a desk? A [walking meeting](/walk/) when you just invite someone for a walk together - even if they are in a different place!

{% include videos.html id="MpAdqcpsAbU" %}

## Daily Journaling

How my [daily journaling](/journal/) really looks like in practice and which questions I answer every day in the evening and in the morning:

{% include videos.html id="hNDHqxdSEhg" %}

## Deep work

The importance of blocking off [2 hours](/2hours/) to make sure you have the time and space to tackle a big task and really dive deeper to get it done:

{% include videos.html id="i2gDaW2Tth8" %}

## What's next? Let me know!

If you have suggestions for next videos, [please let me know](/contact/) and if you've been enjoying them, make sure to help me spread them far and wide, thanks! 🙏


[ny]: https://www.youtube.com/@NozbeCom
[i]: https://michael.gratis/ig
[y]: https://michael.gratis/y

[n]: https://michael.gratis/nozbe
[np]: https://michael.gratis/nozbepersonal