---
tags: [wrong,video]
vid: "XLiagIdA84c"
---

# Why USA re-elected a convicted felon, rapist, racist and simply the worst of men?

Today is Monday, November 11, it's Independence Day in my home country of Poland yet I'm still thinking about the US elections last week and I'm trying to process what happened. [Billionaires called it](/freedom) and despite [smart people warning against it](/fcktrump/), America knew how awful Trump was, yet re-elected him. I think Jon Stewart said it best:

{% include video.html id=page.vid %}

<!--More-->

## Women can be competent and great, but they will lose to the worst man anyway…

This is awful. As a father of three daughters, I'm resigned. How do I promise them a better world, if someone as awful as this guy can win against any woman. And many women voted for him, knowing what he is!

{% include video.html id="wVmEfl0IZLg" name="America just elected its first criminal president." %}

## [Kakistocracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kakistocracy) strikes back - the government by the worst people…

The president of the USA appoints people in charge of everything, and he will do it with help from his family and people who are faithful to him. No other qualifications needed. This will be a shitshow. It was already back in 2016 and apparently America wants more of it.

{% include video.html id="DeLqpWG0Ip8" name="Qualifications for Trump: nepotism and loyalty." %}

## My plan for next 4 years - ignore America completely…

That's my plan. I will ignore news from the USA. I will ignore the guy completely. And I will hope there will be a democratic election after 4 years in the USA again. Next year I was planning a family trip to California. It's cancelled now. I don't feel like visiting the USA anymore.

Today is the Independence Day for Poland. Last year we had our own kind of Independence Day on October 15, 2023 when after grueling 8 years of Kakistocracy by the PIS government we managed to escape their anti-EU and pro-dictatorship tendencies and voted for the only decent Donald I know, [Donald Tusk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Tusk).

This is what I'm hoping for you, America.

{% include video.html id="GdE4_nbxcw8" name="Desi asks America to take a hard look at how the country ended up with another Trump presidency" %}

[n]: https://michael.gratis/nozbe
[np]: https://michael.gratis/nozbepersonal